Issues of CSV part (they are more in hints style):
 
1.        îê Throwing FileNotFoundException is redundant. StreamReader will do that for you.
2.       Using StringSplitOptions.RemoveEmptyEntries will cause incorrect  reads when there are columns with empty values(!)
3.        îê Destructors are totally unnecessary.
4.       Deleting the file in writer is debatable as a responsibility for the writer.
5.       Tests are still very basic and do not check the handling of different situations:
a.       Different delimiters
b.       Empty columns
c.       End of files
d.       Empty lines
e.       Special characters in column values
f.       Using disposed version of reader/writer

So now we are sending you a technical task from our customer. Find it attached to the e-mail.
 
Before you start I would like to remind you that this task is very important part of the interview process. It shows us and our customer that you are not just a clever guy, but that you are able to provide good solutions to real life problems. 
 
Now please find the archive with the test attached to this email. Once you unzip it, you will see a Visual Studio project and the README.TXT file describing your task. 
Generally, your goal will be to refactor the existing project and to demonstrate how you can design interfaces and write clean code while working with existing and used in production code base. We would like to highlight the fact that we expect not only high-quality code from you but also details of  your reasoning about what was wrong with initial design and what decisions and compromises did you take writing your own. Please be sure to add them in comments both in files that are there for annotations as well as the ones you will be adding and changing. You will need to create plenty of unit tests  to achieve high code coverage.Note that your unit tests should also cover edge cases as well as check backward compatibility of the existing components.
 
You will have 2-3 days to complete the task. We expect that finding a good  solution can take you from 6 to 10 hours. But keep in mind it can take double that time for near-perfect one. If you can’t commit enough time in that timeframe, pleasebe sure to contact us about this.We prefer to give you more time than you to rush this task and produce underdeveloped result, which may end in not showing your full potential and failing the interview.
 
After you complete the task, you should provide us the solution for an internal review. It is very likely that we will come back to you with a list of issues that we think you should address as a part of the process. So please make sure you will be able to spend some extra time after you submit the initial version. Once the task passes our review, we will send it to the customer.The customer will do their own review, and in the case of a positive response they will schedule a live interview with you. 
